1. Introduction

This document describes briefly how to build and use HSpace on 
a computer running the Windows operating system.  This discussion
only accounts for the PennMUSH game engine, since HSpace officially
only works with that engine.

2. Where to start?

First, you should begin by downloading, building, and firing up the
game server on your machine.  This probably means downloading PennMUSH
and compiling it with Microsoft Visual Studio or some similar compiler
that does the job.  Get everything working before you go adding HSpace,
which is our advice on both Windows and UNIX.

3. Adding HSpace to Your Game

You have probably already downloaded and unpacked HSpace from www.hspace.org,
which is why you are reading this file.  Be sure the hspace directory from
the HSpace package is located in the pennmush/src directory, so that the
path to HSpace is pennmush/src/hspace.  In the hspace directory, you will find
the hspace.dsp project file for Microsoft Visual Studio.  If you are using
some other compiler (like gcc and cygwin), you may find the Makefile useful
in that same directory.  Add the dsp to your PennMUSH workspace (or compile
the Makefile to produce hspace.lib).  If you are using Visual Studio, choose
the 'Project' menu, and then 'Dependencies'.  Make the hspace project a 
dependency of the pennmush project.  Thus, when you compile pennmush, it will
first compile hspace, then pennmush, and then link the two together at the end.

!! Read the HSpace installation guide that comes with HSpace and follow the
!! instructions in that guide for modifying PennMUSH so that it properly talks
!! to HSpace.

4. And now?

Provided you have followed the instructions above and received no compiler
errors, you should be good to go.  HSpace is developed natively on Windows
and ported to UNIX, so there should be no compatibility issues with Windows.
When you start up your game, HSpace should work as it is supposed to.  Try
logging into your game and typing @space.  You should see a full HSpace
statistics display.  If not, then something has gone wrong, and you should
contact gepht@hspace.org.